I am seeking expert professional help on my research. 

The research focus. To be able to solve PDEs on Quadtrees using adaptive autoencoders. As in we will solve -laplacian u = f where u and f are functions defined on quadtrees.

The problem I am solved so far is that I'm trying to created Quadtree based addaptive autoencoder in a way such that it takes in a quadtree with any levels and any splittinhg and then it encodes and then decodes and does a complete good reconstruction of the function. So far we have two such autoencoders for both f and u 

I have been able to create an autoencoder like that with relative accuracy for the function f = sin(2pik1X)sin(2pik2Y) where the octree has the gradient as the indicator function. Similarly for its solution u in the poisson problem as well. The code is attached below


------

Main focus:
But my main focus is, to build a PDE solver in the embedding space. 

My plan - 

1. Imagine the poisson problem laplacian u = -f. I want to generate u and f data for this problem in pairs. 
2. I want to train autoencoders for u and f separately. I think the same autoencoder should work for both right? 
3. Using the trained autoencoders for u and f, I want to extract their value in the embedding space from the autoencoders
4. Then I want to train a specialized neural network which will learn to predict from f(embedding representation) -> u (embedding representation)
5. The final goal, given we have an f quadtree, we get its embeddings, predict embeddings of u from the embeddings of f and then finally reconstruct u quadtree from its embeddings. The aim is to be able to solve the operator as accurately as possible and isolating the mesh complications from the operator complications

So far, I have done the above steps. 


Notes
1. The way we have the embeddings now (I have attached a snaphgsot of the embedding dump for you ), would we be able to perform the neural operator solve part? As in predict the embeddings of u from f. 
2. When u is reconstucted, I would like u to be reconstructed by itself using the predictive splitting without parent enforcing
3. I want to find out a proper reliable, smart, and efficient way to train a neural network that can predict the embeddings of u from the embeddings of f without a bloated system

My first question to you. Based on this, do you think we will be able to work with these embedding pairs 
for predicting and then reconstructing u. As in are we or will we be able to truly learn the pde in the embedding space